# Increased Convenience: The Ability to Pay while Invested – The rise of ICM, Investor Cash Management, in Wilmington Delaware
## Overview and Origin
ICM, Investor Cash Management was founded in 2018 by Fred P. Phillips, CEO, and Nizam Antoo, Chief Operating Officer. ICM has found success over the last four years in providing CMA, Cash Management Accounts, to wealth management and asset management firms.
ICM has been circulating in the news due to the 15M that has been allocated by ICM and Delaware State University to create their new headquarters in Wilmington Delaware. An additional 4.25M in taxpayer backed grants has also been approved by Delaware’s Council on Development Finance. The foundation of this new Headquarters is said to be bringing 400 Financial Tech jobs to the area.
## Business Activities:
Normal investment accounts, like Robinhood and Schwab, can take four business days to get funds back to a debit or savings account for daily use. ICM is providing investment accounts that provide the seamless functionality to draw on the user’s finances for daily spending without the delay other investing platforms experience.
The current business market of ICM consists of businesses and organizations in the wealth management sector. Of course, the wealth and asset management sector are not a shallow market, for example, featuring over 92,717 Wealth Management Advisors (per research data by Zippia). ICM’s advantage is their strong position in their flexibility to quickly shift a client’s portfolio’s capital from investments to daily spending.
The technology ICM is using isn’t new but instead ICM has found success by combining high interest yield FDIC and investment options like ETFs and mutual funds. This combination allows for users a uniquely quick and easy ability to perform payments and invest with the same account without the drawback of transaction delays.
## Landscape:
The current major banks that ICM is competing with are Chase, Wells Fargo, Axos, U.S. Bank. The most lucrative features provided by the digital banking industry has been investing. Due to ICM’s speed, it is a fresh take in the digital banking financial industry. Major banks have held accounts for businesses and personal clients but have always been slow on the uptake of convenience. 
## Results
ICM has just been starting to roll but it already has generated a lot of excitement for investors. As they build out their client base their impact and success will be cemented.
ICM’s new headquarters is an impressive showing of their early success. The company continues to be impressive to investors, leading the way for ICM to be generating around four hundred new FinTech jobs for their new Delaware Headquarters. Future developments are also being discussed for an additional new building in Wilmington Delaware to further expand. They also have recently gained famed for being the youngest business to have ever gotten a partnership with Visa.
While ICM appears to be sprinting ahead, it is still young and does not offer all the features of big banks, including access to personal finance. ICM also lacks the generational client base that its competitors have accrued.
## Recommendations
ICM, with its partnership with Delaware State University, is seemly putting itself in a great position to start offering up their services to a more diverse client base – non-businesses. For example, a school centered debit card, utilizing ICM’s high interest rates, may be a great way to test the waters as they fully expand their operations. The more clients ICM can acquire the more success it will have long term. Giving college students investing accounts early allows long term financial growth which will benefit all parties involved. Providing personal accounts does not seem like a technological stretch for ICM, they would just have to adjust their platform and user interface to better suit the needs for individual’s financials.
## Sources
>* ICM Website – https://investorcashmanagement.com/
>* Investor Cash Management – Crunchbase – https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/investor-cash-management
>* Investor Cash Management – PitchBook – https://pitchbook.com/profiles/company/416503-00#overview
>* Fintech startup ICM to bring HQ to Wilmington – Delaware Business Times – https://delawarebusinesstimes.com/news/icm-hq-to-wilm/
>* Investor Cash Management Closes Series B Fundraising, Announces Visa Partnership, and Expands Board of Directors – Cision PR Newswire – https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/investor-cash-management-closes-series-b-fundraising-announces-visa-partnership-and-expands-board-of-directors-301352192.html
>* Wealth Management Advisor Statistics and Facts in the US– Zippia – https://www.zippia.com/wealth-management-advisor-jobs/demographics/
>* Best Business Bank Accounts – Investopedia – https://www.investopedia.com/best-small-business-bank-accounts-4797849
